README.md, before:

<img src="Images/logo.png" alt="Logo" align="right" /> Adapta Colorpack
=====

Modified version of <a href="https://github.com/adapta-project/adapta-gtk-theme">Adapta Theme</a> created by <a href="https://github.com/adapta-project">Adapta Project</a>

This theme use the ideia of <a href="https://github.com/adapta-project/adapta-gtk-theme">Adapta Colorpack</a> created by <a href="https://github.com/ivankra">Ivankra</a>, the main objective of this theme is the correction of missing things in stock and Ivankra version!

## Modifications in relation of Ivanka and stock version

 - Open app indicators have been added to the cinnamon dashboard
 - The parts were corrected with dark chromium colors, in light themes, such as the close tab button and create a new tab
 - Some icons of the gtk-2.0, gtk-3.0 and gtk-3.22 interfaces are with selection colors according to the theme
 - Standardization of white and dark tones in the theme!
 - The color of the selection in cinnamon has a strong tone, in the menu, with selection of favorites, categories and apps, and, in the panel, with the selection of instances of apps!
 - New visual for close button in gtk-3.0, gtk-3.22, metacity and xfwm4!
 - The theme now use the system font(In cinnamon and gnome! Where to use a roboto and sans font, not fonts used throughout the system!)!
 - Correction in the colors of the panel, its buttons and colors in the lougout window!

## Suported DEs
 - Xfce4
 - Cinnamon
 - Mate
 - Gnome
 - Budgie
 - LXDE

## Available colors (in light and nokto versions)

 - Blue
 - Bluegrey
 - Deeporange
 - Cyan
 - Amber
 - Teal
 - Indigo
 - Green
 
Eta version of the themes are still under development!

## Instalation

For Debian, Ubuntu or distribution based on them, use the deb file in <a href="https://github.com/Joshaby/Adapta-Colorpack/releases">Adapta Releases</a>, otherwise, run the Install.sh file!

## Images

![image](Images/image.png)

![image](Images/image1.png)

![image](Images/image2.png)

![image](Images/image3.png)

## License

GNU GPL v2

Commit message:

Added Eta and Nokto-Eta for rest of the themes! Added Red version, with normal, nokto, eta and nokto-eta versions!

README.md, after:

<img src="Images/logo.png" alt="Logo" align="right" /> Adapta Colorpack
=====

Modified version of <a href="https://github.com/adapta-project/adapta-gtk-theme">Adapta Theme</a> created by <a href="https://github.com/adapta-project">Adapta Project</a>

This theme use the ideia of <a href="https://github.com/adapta-project/adapta-gtk-theme">Adapta Colorpack</a> created by <a href="https://github.com/ivankra">Ivankra</a>, the main objective of this theme is the correction of missing things in stock and Ivankra version!

## Modifications in relation of Ivanka and stock version

 - Open app indicators have been added to the cinnamon dashboard
 - The parts were corrected with dark chromium colors, in light themes, such as the close tab button and create a new tab
 - Some icons of the gtk-2.0, gtk-3.0 and gtk-3.22 interfaces are with selection colors according to the theme
 - Standardization of white and dark tones in the theme!
 - The color of the selection in cinnamon has a strong tone, in the menu, with selection of favorites, categories and apps, and, in the panel, with the selection of instances of apps!
 - New visual for close button in gtk-3.0, gtk-3.22, metacity and xfwm4!
 - The theme now use the system font(In cinnamon and gnome! Where to use a roboto and sans font, not fonts used throughout the system!)!
 - Correction in the colors of the panel, its buttons and colors in the lougout window! (For xfce 4.14)

## Suported DEs
 - Xfce4
 - Cinnamon
 - Mate
 - Gnome
 - Budgie
 - LXDE

## Available colors (In normal, nokto, eta and nokto-eta versions)

 - Blue
 - Bluegrey
 - Deeporange
 - Cyan
 - Amber
 - Teal
 - Indigo
 - Green
 - Red

## Instalation

For Debian, Ubuntu or distribution based on them, use the deb file in <a href="https://github.com/Joshaby/Adapta-Colorpack/releases">Adapta Releases</a>, otherwise, run the Install.sh file!

## Note

For Xfce4 and Mate users, use the eta or nokto-eta versions of themes!

## Images

![image](Images/image.png)
#### Normal version
![image](Images/image1.png)
![image](Images/image2.png)
#### Nokto version
![image](Images/image3.png)
![image](Images/image4.png)

## License

GNU GPL v2
